yeah
kevin and it's a sport
dangerous does it make you
but as I said just now
it's not a dangerous sport because
that they never had to kill by
example in trials
but it's not without risk either
know that what we do we have a
some masters a very big
mastery of learning and we are not
never safe from a kit so in a
piece of the bike that would break
can we put in there right now yes we
so otherwise if the movement is
realized with all the consciousness one has
through his years of practice and well
we realize good solution
the equator has evolved in order to montfort
and I actually work a little different
because for competitions it's
to work in the
the other both surfaces but admits
to have confrontations is in
places we do not control when we
see abroad is because we will have
to do so we may have to make some
natural obstacles on which we must
evolve
or else artificial obstacles are
square no death or shape okay
do a strip like today too
so it's true that working on
two surfaces for a workout in
the high level elite it's really
important what because we have to be
brought to find the two types of
surface and one must respond present to the
good time here is tahri
to be afraid of steam you have to be afraid
this stage not afraid you come back in the case
of unconsciousness and there you put yourself in
danger yourself and then the others
fear is the brake if you are not afraid
is that at some point there is a
worry here
yeah